* Date: 19/05/2024
* Time: 18:00-19:00

# Agenda

| Title | Proposed by | Discussion Length | Issues       |
|----------|-------------|-------------|----------------|
| Contracts TS| Ran Regev | 1h | P3265R0 |

For Contracts TS relevant papers and dicussions

Ran: My personal goal for this meeting is that our NB will have an opinion on the subject.
I support Ville, but if the group thinks otherwise, or I will change my mind - it is ok.


## Relevant papers and links
* [P3265R0](https://isocpp.org/files/papers/P3265R0.html)
* [Reflector discussion on P3265](http://lists.isocpp.org/sg21/2024/05/8771.php)
* [John Spicer call for papers](http://lists.isocpp.org/sg21/2024/05/8776.php)
* [SD-4 TS](https://isocpp.org/std/standing-documents/sd-4-wg21-practices-and-procedures#technical-specifications)
