# WG21 Israel Mirror Committee Meeting Summaries

WG21 Israel Mirror Committee meetings usually occor once a month, Invitations are sent to the mailing list.

For joining, please send an email to:     nb@corecpp.org.il


__The next WG21 Israel Mirror Committee meeting is scheduled for:__

__<day>, <month> <th 2020>, from 19:00-21:00 UTC+2 (15:00-17:00pm EDT)__

<br/>

- [March 23th, 2020](#march-23th-2020)
- [March 5th, 2020](#march-5th-2020)
- [February 4th, 2020](#february-4th-2020)
- [January 26th, 2020](#january-26th-2020)

<br/><br/><br/>

# March 23th, 2020

## Draft agenda:
| |
|-|
|Community outreach| 
| Tweeter account |
| Email + URL |

## Meeting summary:
### Attendees:
- Ran Regev
- Michael Peeri
- Adi Shavit
- Michael Gopshtein
- Inbal Levi
- Tamir Bahar
- Dan Raviv
- Yehezkel Bernat
- Andrei Zissu

### Minutes:

1. Community outreach:

- We want to involve more people and be approachable.
- We will publish (among other channels) via. CoreCpp user group.
- We want to set a concrete agenda and topics for the meetings (will be disscussed further in the next meeting).

2. Tweeter account:

- Do we want to use CoreCpp platform on tweeter to promote WG21il (WG21 Israel Mirror Committee)?

SF F N A SA
UC

- Do we want to also create a new user on tweeter for WG21il (WG21 Israel Mirror Committee)?

SF F N A SA
4  1  2  0  0

Conclusion: Ran Regev will open a tweeter account

(Tamir: suggest using a commercial tweeter account)

3. Email + URL: for JTC1/SC22/WG21 Israeli Mirror Committee:

(Multiple votes)

- WG21il@corecpp.org,  wg21il.corecpp.org

Votes: 1

- WG21NB@corecpp.org,  wg21nb.corecpp.org

Votes: 2

- nb@corecpp.org.il,  nb.corecpp.org.il

Votes: 7

- ILNB@CoreCpp.org,  ILNB.CoreCpp.org

Votes: 4

- WG21@corecpp.org,  WG21.corecpp.org

Votes: 2

Conclusion: we will use email address & domain name:    nb@corecpp.org.il,  nb.corecpp.org.il

Icon for the site will be made by Adi 
 
 <br/>

# March 5th, 2020

## Draft agenda:

Trip reports from WG21 in Prague, future plannes for the group 

## Meeting summary:

### Attendees:

- Michael Peeri
- Inbal Levi
- Yehezkel Bernat
- Ran Regev
- Dvir Yitzchaki
- Amir Kirsh
- Avi Lachmish
- Dan Raviv
- Yossi Moalem
- Tamir Bahar (remotely)
- Adi Shavit (remotely)

### Minutes:

#### Topics discussed:

- Whoever considers joining Verna, it might be canceled, so arrange cancellable flights.
- We want a connection with the community, so we will open a webpage (Adi has offered the CoreCpp subdomain, it has been accepted.
- We need to choose rolls: 
     - Answer the public mail
     - Set the meetings (including location & agenda)
     - Collect opinions and create NB comments, when needed.
- Inbal explains: 
At WG21 everyone can vote, including for the plenary, but the formality in  SII requires registration. We also need to publish protocols and pass reports to SII.
Regarding SC22, the SII is open for our recommendations and will pass them to a different technical committee for additional opinion (everyone is most welcome to read SC22 proposals and bring them up here so that we can pass recommendation)
- Amir: do we want to define the group by name?
- Inbal & Michael: We believe there’s no reason to not allow voting for proposals per meeting, like what is done in WG21.
- Ran: maybe we should propose it to take place in the Galil / Negev, and approach: “ministry for the development of the Negev and Galilee”
 
 <br/>
 
#### Trip reports for WG21 in Prague:
 
 <br/>

##### Avi’s Trip report:

Describes the experience - Meeting people, they are very nice and approachable.  
The hardest was to sit in CWG, there was a discussion on how to handle enum comes from C and exported from a module in C++.   
It was fun to meet people, have a small talk with Bjarne.  
You can sometimes see emotional expressions. In the incubator, people come with presentations.   
A lot of things come from a contest of a paper that probably should have been read before the meeting, but in most groups, you can understand without it.   
I think the most meaningful proposal going to be in the standard is executors. The main gain for me was to know the process better.   

<br/>

##### General debate:

Debate on executors, during which a question was raised - is it just a library or there are also changes in the language relates.   
Dan says that when changes in the language are required in order to support things going into the library, it happens directly in CWG, without EWG involvement.   

Herbseption was raised.   

Inbal: I believe the low-cost deterministic exceptions will exist in parallel to the classic exceptions, for the benefit of systems require deterministic, minimum allocations mechanism.   
  
The conversation goes back to WG21.   

Inbal: evening sessions are avoided since in the past people went tired and left the room and the voting couldn’t be held. 
Dan: when I was in WG21 two years ago there were evening sessions.   
Inbal: we should start working on papers. I have a list of proposed topics, and I will love it if people will join for any topic they feel interested in.   
Inbal: regarding ABI, I propose a paper which will review the topic from all sides, including taking the different industries under consideration, and the effect on them.   
In addition, we can describe the different solutions/ways of actions for each scenario.   
Inbal: For now, I recommend not to take a stand pro / against ABI brack in C++23, though I do want us to propose solutions.  
 
 <br/>

##### Inbal’s trip report:

Since I already have done a trip report in front of the user group, I will only point out the additions and highlights: 

P1999 was excepted, meaning every voted paper getting “tentatively accepted” status, in order to allow people to react, then needs to be voted again. 

P1774 was voted forward, I’ve discussed with Timur of some additions, including the rationale for using assume and of choosing the [[Attribute]] syntax. Overview of ABI paper Inbal has started writing.

Inbal's trip report presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TqtOZ5BClncFXlaWbqBy1OlY3iOOAaQsL8qud2JxfcY/edit#slide=id.g7eeb0c4196_0_242

<br/>

##### Dan’s trip report:

Talks about his paper. Explains all the algorithms got a ranged version, except the ones got into the language after the proposal, so he created a proposal with 5 range declaration overload for the late algorithms.  
including the two: shift_left, shift_right, in which was found a bug during LWG session by Tomas Kaminski.   
The return value needed to return the removed range for cleaning as well. Eventually, they were removed from the proposal.   
Dan says he is working on a new proposal for the 2 overloads, including a return structure.  
Dan talks about Bjarne: He was very thrilled regarding the low-cost-deterministic exceptions, “this is brilliant”.   
He also says Bjarne says he doesn’t want opt-in for every function uses exceptions, there’s no point if it’s not the default. He (Bjarne) prefers breaking ABI than using a tag.   
He also offered to avoid ABI break if limits the use, so it wouldn’t cross the boards of Dynamic linking. Dan adds they (WG12) don't like “cute proposals”, but things go well with the language.  
 
 <br/>

# February 4th, 2020

## Draft agenda: (Pre Prague 2) 
| | |
|-|-|
| [P1496](https://wg21.link/P1496) | Add “z” format modifier to avoid sign for zero-display numbers|
| [P1934](https://wg21.link/P1934)  | Remove concept “boolean” and use convertible_to<bool> instead, which is reopened by the inclusion of ​[P1964](https://wg21.link/p1964) |
| [P2042](https://wg21.link/p2042) | Rename make_unique/shared_default_init tomake_unique/shared_nonvalue_init |
| [P1371](https://wg21.link/p1371) | Add pattern matching utility to c++ language |
## Meeting summary:

### Attendees:
- Michael Peeri
- Inbal Levi
- Tamir Bahar
- Ran Regev
- Avi Lachmish
- Dan Raviv
- Alex
- Dvir Yitzchaki (remote)

### Minutes:
During the meeting, we've presented papers and voted according to our opinions:

- [US227](https://github.com/cplusplus/nbballot/issues/224)
Add “z” format modifier to avoid sign for zero-display numbers (https://wg21.link/P1496)

SA,A,N,F,SF: 5 2 1 0 0

- [US195](https://github.com/cplusplus/nbballot/issues/193)
Remove concept “boolean” and use convertible_to<bool> instead, which is reopened by the inclusion of ​P1964 (https://wg21.link/P1934  https://wg21.link/p1964)

Need to have a deeper view, No Vote

- [DE002](https://github.com/cplusplus/nbballot/issues/2)
Rename make_unique/shared_default_init tomake_unique/shared_nonvalue_init (https://wg21.link/p2042 https://wg21.link/p1020r1)

SA,A,N,F,SF: 0 1 0 3 3

- [P1371R2](https://wg21.link/p1371): Pattern Matching (design decisions)
Add pattern matching utility to c++ language. 

SA,A,N,F,SF: 0 1 1 2 3
 
 <br/>

# January 26th, 2020 

## Draft agenda: (Pre Prague 1)
| | | |
|-|-|-|
N4850  	   |  Editors' Report - Programming Languages - C++                     |  Dan R
P1609R3   |  C++ Should Support Just-in-Time Compilation   		      |  Inbal L
P1641R2   |  Freestanding Library: Rewording the Status Quo                      |  Inbal L
P1642R2   |  Freestanding Library: Easy [utilities], [ranges], and [iterators]  |  Inbal L 
P2013R0   |  Freestanding Language: Optional ::operator new	              |  Inbal L 
P1708R2   |  Simple Statistical Functions                                                         |  Inbal L
P1863R1   |  ABI - Now or Never  					                              |  Inbal L ,  Dan R
P2028R0   |  What is ABI, and What Should WG21 Do About It? 		      |  Dan R
P0447R10  |  Introduction of std::colony to the standard library 		      |  Inbal L

## Meeting summary:

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Ran Regev
- Dan Raviv
- Avi Lachmish
- Michael Peeri

### Minutes:
- Freestanding library was discussed in general
- JIT was discussed
- ABI issue was discussed, opinions verify regarding braking it