# WG21 Israel Discussion Meetings Summaries - 2024

WG21 Israel discussion meetings usually occur every month.
If you're interested in getting involved, please send an email to:   nb@corecpp.org.il

__The next WG21 Israeli discussion group meeting is scheduled for: <br/> Sep 2nd, 2024, 19:00-20:00 UTC+2__ 



- [September 2nd, 2024](#september-2nd-2024)
- [July 6th, 2024](#july-6th-2024)
- [June 27th, 2024](#june-27th-2024)
- [June 2nd, 2024](#june-2nd-2024)
- [May 19th, 2024](#may-19th-2024)
- [April 7th, 2024](#april-7th-2024)
- [March 21st, 2024](#march-21st-2024)
- [February 4th, 2024](#february-4th-2024)
- [January 7th, 2024](#january-7th-2024)

<br/><br/><br/>



# July 6th, 2024

Post St. Louis updates

## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Contracts status |
| Constexpr function params |

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Michael Peeri
- Andrei Zissu
- Dvir Yitzhaki

### Minutes:
* Contracts TS
* Constexpr function params

## Relevant papers
   * [P3265R1](https://isocpp.org/files/papers/P3264R1.html): Ship Contracts in a TS (Ville Voutilainen)
   * [P3269R0](https://wg21.link/P3269R0): Do Not Ship Contracts as a TS (Timur Doumler, John Spicer)
   * [SD-4 TS](https://isocpp.org/std/standing-documents/sd-4-wg21-practices-and-procedures#technical-specifications)
   * [Reflector discussion on P3265](http://lists.isocpp.org/sg21/2024/05/8771.php)
   * [2024 Tokyo Trip Report](https://www.reddit.com/r/cpp/comments/1bloatw/202403_tokyo_iso_c_committee_trip_report_third/)




# June 27th, 2024

St. Louis in-person meeting 

## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Welcome words for Walter E. Brown (by Inbal Levi) | 
| Policies progress |
| Updates from 2024 St. Louis meeting |

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi (in person)
- Walter E. Brown (in person)
- Bryce Adelstein Lelbach (in person)
- Michael Peeri (remote)
- Andrei Zissu (in person)
- Tal Yacobi (remote)
- Alex Dathskovsky (remote)
- Dvir Yitzhaki (remote)
- Yehezkel Bernat (remote)

### Minutes:
* Topics from St. Louis 2024 meeting:
  * explicit CTORs policies
  * Reflection progress
  * St. Louis Straw Polls

## Relevant papers
   * [P2267R1](https://wg21.link/P2267R1): Library Evolution Policies
   * [P3116R0](https://wg21.link/P3116R0): Policy for explicit
   * [P3116R0](https://wg21.link/P2996R4): Reflection for C++26




# June 2nd, 2024

Pre St. Louis Meeting

## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| constexpr function params | 
| Amount of functions in reflection |

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Michael Peeri
- Andrei Zissu
- Tal Yacobi
- Coral Kashri
- Dvir Yitzhaki
- Alex Dathskovsky
- Yehezkel Bernat

### Minutes:
* Contracts TS
* Constexpr function params

## Relevant papers
   * [Constexpr Function Params](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nv681kmLmoaSr3H8NPlJifsqgjT6D-MNml1FP6sr6zY/edit?usp=sharing) (shared work document)
   * [P1045](http://wg21.link/P1045): `constexpr` Function Parameters (David Stone)
   * [P2781](http://wg21.link/P2781): std::constant_wrapper (Matthias Kretz, Zach Laine)
   * [2024 Tokyo Trip Report](https://www.reddit.com/r/cpp/comments/1bloatw/202403_tokyo_iso_c_committee_trip_report_third/)




# May 19th, 2024
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Feedback on Contracts TS | 
| Constexpr function params| 

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Michael Peeri
- Andrei Zissu
- Tal Yacobi
- Coral Kashri
- Dvir Yitzhaki

### Minutes:
* Contracts TS
* Constexpr function params

## Relevant papers
   * [P3265R1](https://isocpp.org/files/papers/P3264R1.html): Ship Contracts in a TS (Ville Voutilainen)
   * [P3269R0](https://wg21.link/P3269R0): Do Not Ship Contracts as a TS (Timur Doumler, John Spicer)
   * [SD-4 TS](https://isocpp.org/std/standing-documents/sd-4-wg21-practices-and-procedures#technical-specifications)
   * [Reflector discussion on P3265](http://lists.isocpp.org/sg21/2024/05/8771.php)
   * [2024 Tokyo Trip Report](https://www.reddit.com/r/cpp/comments/1bloatw/202403_tokyo_iso_c_committee_trip_report_third/)




# April 7th, 2024
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Updates from Tokyo meeting |  

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Michael Peeri
- Andrei Zissu
- Tal Yacobi
- Dvir Yitzhaki
- Yehezkel Bernat

### Minutes:
* Topics from Tokyo 2024:
  * [[nodiscard]] policy
  * Progress in LEWG
  * Progress in contracts

## Relevant papers
   * [P2267R1](https://wg21.link/P2267R1): Library Evolution Policies
   * [P2946R1](https://wg21.link/P2946R1): A flexible solution to the problems of `noexcept`
   * [P2858R0](https://wg21.link/P2858R0): Noexcept vs contract violations





# March 21st, 2024
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Updates from Tokyo meeting |

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Michael Peeri
- Andrei Zissu
- Tal Yacobi
- Yehezkel Bernat

### Minutes:
* Tentative topics from Tokyo 2024:
   * Contracts progress
   * [[nodiscard]] policy
   * noexcept

## Relevant papers
   * [P2267R1](https://wg21.link/P2267R1): Library Evolution Policies
   * [P2946R1](https://wg21.link/P2946R1): A flexible solution to the problems of `noexcept`
   * [P2858R0](https://wg21.link/P2858R0): Noexcept vs contract violations


# February 4th, 2024
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| policy papers | 

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Michael Peeri
- Andrei Zissu
- Tal Yacobi
- Dvir Yitzhaki

### Minutes:
* Tentative topics for Tokyo 2024:
   * [[nodiscard]] policy
   * explicit constructors
   * Allocators guidelines
   * noexcept

## Relevant papers
   * [P2267R1](https://wg21.link/P2267R1): Library Evolution Policies
   * [P2946R1](https://wg21.link/P2946R1): A flexible solution to the problems of `noexcept`
   * [P2831R0](https://wg21.link/P2831R0): Functions having a narrow contract should not be noexcept
   * [P2858R0](https://wg21.link/P2858R0): Noexcept vs contract violations
   * [P2861R0](https://wg21.link/P2861R0): The Lakos Rule: Narrow Contracts And `noexcept` Are Inherently Incompatible
   * [P2791R0](https://wg21.link/P2791R0): mandate concepts for new features



# January 7th, 2024
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| contracts terminology | 
| `noexcept` and contract checks |
|  |

## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Michael Peeri
- Andrei Zissu
- Tal Yacobi

### Minutes:
- 

#### Related links
   * [Kona 2023 Trip Report](https://www.reddit.com/r/cpp/comments/17vnfqq/202311_kona_iso_c_committee_trip_report_second/)
   * [Static Reflection Usage Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yph7qXXev6U77u2ODOY-xhEkXW611yRt/edit?)




<!-- Example:
# February 06th, 2021
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Metaprogramming & Reflection |
|  |
## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
-  Inbal Levi
-  Andrei Zissu
-  Michael Peeri
-  Dvir Yitachaki
-  Tamir Bahar
-  Shachar Shemesh

### Minutes:

__POLL:__
|SF|F|N|A|SA|
|-|-|-|-|-|
|0 | 0 |0 |0 |0 |
-->
