# WG21 Israel Discussion Meetings Summaries - 2025

WG21 Israel discussion meetings usually occur every month.
If you're interested in getting involved, please send an email to:   nb@corecpp.org.il

__The next WG21 Israeli discussion group meeting is scheduled for: <br/> Feb 14th, 2025, Time TBD UTC+2__ 


- [February 5th, 2025](#february-13th-2025)
- [January 5th, 2025](#january-5th-2025)

<br/><br/><br/>


# February 06th, 2021
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Discussion: Features set for plenary vote, Contracts |
|  |
## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Andrei Zissu
- Michael Peeri
- Walter E. Brown
- Yehezkel Bernat
- Coral Kashri
- Tal Yacobi
- Danit Lavie


### Minutes:

According to change in procedure, minutes will be uploaded to SII platform.

__POLL:__ Israeli NB have NB level concerns about "Contracts" (registered members only)

|F|N|A|
|-|-|-|
| 1 | 0 |2 |
__Outcome__: No consensus (weak against)


__POLL:__ Israeli open discussion group for the NB have concerns with Contracts

|F|N|A|
|-|-|-|
| 2 | 1 |2 |
__Outcome__: No consensus

# January 5th, 2025


## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Clerifications on Mirror Committee rules | 
| Discussion on Ran's request doc |
| constexpr func params / std::constant_wrapper |
| Reflection, C++ concurrent Queues - updates |

## Meeting summary:

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Walter E. Brown
- Davin Lavie
- Tal Yacobi
- Coral Kashri
- Andrei Zissu
- Ran Regev
- Amir Kirsh
- Yehezkel Bernat
- Dvir Yitzhaki
- Mor Elmaliach

### Minutes:
* Inbal: Welcome, everyone, we have Danit here who will be joining our meetings from now on. We also have Mor here, which is new in these meetings. Welcome.
* Danit: Should we have a short introduction? (Yes) (Circle of intros)
* Danit: Clerifying the role of SII, and the role of the Israeli mirror committee for WG21.
* Danit: Anything unclear? (No)
* Ran: I don't understand what are the procedures for joining
* Danit: You submit a request form, as in the link I sent.
* Inbal: This (and all the other info) also appear in the google doc we have for few years now, and that I send to new comers. It is both in heb and eng. I would recommend everyone to read it, it's all there (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XgrBvbeykZdRhg04j0KtOHW3Gem-Gi07aVuKXwLl2SQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* Ran: I still don't undestand, can't anyone join
* Danit: The person need to have knowledge on the topic of the committee.
* Ran: So you're saying you preform tests before approving.
* Danit: No, that is not what I said.
* Ran: I think you should do what my doc say. You should not care about technical abilities.
* Danit: As said, SII already have procedures.
* Andrei: ISO register members as *experts*. If you don't understand this, it's unfortunate. This word have meaning. 
* Ran: You can't contribute to WG21 without being registered
* Inbal: Everyone are welcome to contribute - anyone can write a paper and provide feedback on one. We have the Core C++ meetup I organize - I constantly update with status of the standard. This group is open for guests. I run meetings on multiple topics (Reflection, constexpr func params) Coral and Tal joined like that. WG21 have multiple open SGs (by invite of the chair). If anyone is interested, I'm happy to make any introduction needed. The authors of papers (open for public, published here: https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2025 put their email. You can contact with them, and again, I'm happy to help if needed.
* Yehezkel: This is true. I been working on papers. 
* Ran: You're wrong, there are no open SGs. 
* Inbal: From the top of my mind - SG14 and SG16 are open. As said, I'm happy to make introduction with chairs for any topics interest anyone.
* Ran: There is no way to do any WG21 work without being registered.
* Walter: This is facturally untrue. I've been doing this for 40 years and what you're saying is wrong. I always found a way to contribute and I didn't need to be registered anywere, people respected my work. Can we move on please? I want to talk about C++
* Inbal: Any other questions/comments? (no)
* Inbal: Ran - do you want to talk about your document further? Anyone else have other comments? (quiet)
* Inbal: Anything else?
* Inbal: OK, thank you. Let's move on. Corel presented: "[P3334R0](https://wg21.link/P3334R0): Cross Static Variables" to SG7. Just as an update: std::constant_wrapper will be discussed next week on LEWG. This is the library feature equivalent to P1045. Great work, Coral! This is not an easy group to present to for the first time. Would you like to share the experiance?
* Coral/Andrei/Tal: Giving the background and information about presentation of the paper in SG7
* Coral: They didn't want the feature as suggested. I think they didn't see motivation for it. We should have added P1045.
* Tal: I think they didn't like the name/syntax.
* Coral: I dissagree, this was not the only reason. The motivation was lacking.
* Inbal: That makes sense, as features capture syntex and require work from implementors. 
* Yehezkel: Papers usually don't get rejected due to names.
* Andrei: I think so too. Do you think there's a chance to go back with the paper?
* Inbal: Motivation was also what Walter suggested last time we talked about that. I think you can go back if there's new information. I will be happy to help gather it.
* Andrei: We would like to focuse on pass Andrei: Updates on progress in contracts, status for 26.
* Inbal: Sorry, we run out of time for last topic. Next topic will be seen next time (might be on March meeting, as Feb will be run during Austria and the features propsoed there will take priority)


## Relevant papers
   * [P2996R5](https://wg21.link/P2996R5): Reflection for C++26
   * [D3237R2](https://wg21.link/D3237R2): Matrix Representation of Contract Semantics
   * [P3334R0](https://wg21.link/P3334R0): Cross Static Variables



<!-- Example:
# February 06th, 2021
## Agenda:
| |
|-|
| Metaprogramming & Reflection |
|  |
## Meeting summary: 

### Attendees:
- Inbal Levi
- Andrei Zissu
- Michael Peeri
- Yehezkel Bernat
- Walter E. Brown
- Coral Kashri
- Tal Yacobi
- Tamir Bahar
- Shachar Shemesh
- Danit Lavie

### Minutes:

__POLL:__
|SF|F|N|A|SA|
|-|-|-|-|-|
|0 | 0 |0 |0 |0 |
-->
